
Usuario
actualizarListasPorDefecto():void
agregarComentarioAVideo(id:int, DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarComentarioAVideo(id:int, idCom:int, DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarListaParticular(DtListaDeReproduccion):void
agregarModificarValoracionDeVideo(id:int, DtValoracion, Usuario):void
agregarOQuitarSeguido(Usuario):void
agregarOQuitarSeguidor(Usuario):void
agregarVideoACanal(DtVideo):void
agregarVideoALista(idLista:int, idVideo:int, u:Usuario):void
getDT():DtUsuario
listarComentariosDeVideo(id:int):set<DtComentario>
listarListasDeReproduccionDeCanal(bool):set<DtListasDeReproduccion>
listarUsuariosSeguidores():set<DtUsuario>
listarUsuariosSeguidos():set<DtUsuario>
listarValoracionesDeVideo(id:int):set<DtValoracion>
listarVideosDeCanal():set<DtVideo>
listarVideosDeListaDeReproduccion(id:int):set<DtVideo>
modificar(DtUsuario, DtCanal):void
modificarListaDeReproduccionDeCanal(DtListaDeReproduccion):void
modificarVideoDeCanal(DtVideo):void
obtenerCanal():DtCanal
obtenerListasEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtListaDeReproduccion>
obtenerValoracion(id:int, nickname:string):DtValoracion
obtenerVideo(id:int):Video
obtenerVideoDeCanal(id:int):DtVideo
obtenerVideosEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtVideo>
quitarVideoDeListaDeReproduccion(idLista:int, idVideo:int);void
validarListaParticular(string):bool


Canal
actualizarListasPorDefecto():void
agregarComentarioAVideo(id:int, DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarComentarioAVideo(id:int, idCom:int, DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarListaParticular(DtListaDeReproduccion):void
agregarModificarValoracion(id:int, nickname:string):DtValoracion
agregarValoracionAVideo(id:int, DtValoracion, Usuario):void
agregarVideo(DtVideo):void
agregarVideoALista(id:int, Video):void
getDT():DtCanal
listarComentariosDeVideo(id:int):set<DtComentario>
listarListasDeReproduccion(bool):set<DtListaDeReproduccion>
listarValoracionesDeVideo(id:int):set<DtValoracion>
listarVideos():set<DtVideo>
listarVideosDeListaDeReproduccion(id:int):set<DtVideo>
modificar(DtCanal):void
modificarListaDeReproduccion(DtListaDeReproduccion):void
modificarVideo(DtVideo):void
obtenerListasEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtListaDeReproduccion>
obtenerVideo(id:int):DtVideo
obtenerVideo(id:int):Video
obtenerVideosEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtVideo>
quitarVideoDeListaDeReproduccion(idLista:int, idVideo:int);void
validarListaParticular(string):bool


Video
ListaDeReproduccion
agregarComentario(DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarComentario(idCom:int, DtComentario, Usuario):void
agregarModificarValoracion(DtValoracion, Usuario):void
agregarVideoA(Video):void
getDT():DtListaDeReproduccion
getDT():DtVideo
listarComentarios():set<DtComentario>
listarValoraciones():set<DtValoracion>
listarVideos():set<DtVideo>
modificar(DtListaDeReproduccion):void
modificar(DtVideo):void
obtenerValoracion(nickname:string):DtValoracion
quitarVideo(idVideo:int);void


Comentario
agregarSubComentario(int, DtComentario, Usuario):bool
getDT():DtComentario
listarSubComentarios():set<DtComentario>


Valoracion
getDT():DtValoracion
getDT(nickname:string):DtValoracion
modificar(DtValoracion, nickname:string):bool


SISTEMA
agregarVideoAListaDeReproduccion():void
altaCategoria(cat:string):void
altaComentario(com:DtComentario):void
altaComentario(com:DtComentario, idComPadre:int):void
altaListaDeReproduccionParticular(lista:DtListaDeReproduccion):void
altaListaDeReproduccionPorDefecto(lista:DtListaDeReproduccion):void
altaUsuarioCanal(usr:DtUsuario, canal:DtCanal):void
altaValoracion(val:DtValoracion):void
altaVideo(video:DtVideo):void
existeCategoria(cat:string):boolean
existeEmail(mail:string):boolean
existeNickname(nickname:string):boolean
liberarMemoriaListaDeReproduccion():void
liberarMemoriaUsuario():void
liberarMemoriaUsuarioActual():void
liberarMemoriaVideo():void
listarCategorias():set<string>
listarComentariosDeVideo():set<DtComentario>
listarListasDeReproduccionEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtVideo>
listarListasDeReproduccionDeUsuario(nickname:string):set<DtListaDeReproduccion>
listarListasDeReproduccionParticularesDeUsuario() :set<DtListaDeReproduccion>
listarUsuarioSeguidores():set<DtUsuario>
listarUsuarioSeguidos():set<DtUsuario>
listarUsuarios():set<DtUsuario>
listarVideosEnCategoria(cat:string):set<DtVideo>
listarVideosDeUsuario():set<DtVideo>
listarVideosDeListaDeReproduccion():set<DtVideo>
modificarListaDeReproduccion(lista:DtListaDeReproduccion):void
modificarUsuarioYCanal(usr:DtUsuario, canal:DtCanal):void
modificarVideo(video:DtVideo):void
obtenerCanalDeUsuario():DtCanal
obtenerValoracionesDeVideo():set<DtValoraciones>
obtenerValoracionDada() :DtValoracion
quitarVideoDeListaDeReproduccion():void
seleccionarUsuario(nickname:string):DtUsuario
seleccionarUsuarioActual(nickname:string) :DtUsuario
seleccionarVideo(idVideo:int):DtVideo
seleccionarListaDeReproduccion(idLista:int):DtListaDeReproduccion
seguirUsuario() :void
validarNuevaListaParticular(nombre:string):bool
validarNuevaListaPorDefecto(nombre:string):bool